feat(apple): SubClassFinder Crash Troubleshooting (#9596)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/troubleshooting/index.mdx

## My app is not symbolicated and I use App Store Connect

Since Xcode 14 App Store Connect doesn't make debug symbols available for download anymore, see [Xcode Release Notes](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode-release-notes/xcode-14-release-notes#Deprecations). Please use a different way of uploading the debug symbols by following the [documentation](/platforms/apple/dsym/).

## Crash in `SentrySubClassFinder.actOnSubclassesOfViewControllerInImage`

> Suppose your app crashes in `SentrySubClassFinder actOnSubclassesOfViewControllerInImage` with a stacktrace similar to the one below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose your app crashes in `SentrySubClassFinder actOnSubclassesOfViewControllerInImage` with a stacktrace similar to the one below:
```

```
#0	0x0000000000000000 in 0x00000000 ()
#1	0x00000001043eb498 in type metadata accessor for CapturedStructure? ()
#2	0x00000001043eb3ac in type metadata completion function for RoomCaptureTools ()
#3	0x000000018f9c7930 in swift::MetadataCacheEntryBase<(anonymous namespace)::SingletonMetadataCacheEntry, int>::doInitialization(swift::MetadataWaitQueue::Worker&, swift::MetadataRequest) ()
#4	0x000000018f9b8cf8 in swift_getSingletonMetadata ()
#5	0x00000001043eb360 in type metadata accessor for RoomCaptureTools ()
#6	0x00000001043eb314 in ObjC metadata update function for RoomCaptureTools ()
#7	0x000000018017d938 in realizeClassMaybeSwiftMaybeRelock(objc_class*, mutex_tt<false>&, bool) ()
#8	0x0000000180183548 in look_up_class ()
#9	0x00000001807e7cb8 in NSClassFromString ()
#10	0x000000010514b4c0 in __69-[SentrySubClassFinder actOnSubclassesOfViewControllerInImage:block:]
```

> In that case, this can be because of a [potential bug in Swift](https://github.com/apple/swift/issues/72657)
> when trying to get the class reference of a Swift class that references a class in RoomPlan or
> ActivityKit on an iOS version lower than the minimum required version of RoomPlan or ActivityKit.
> For example, running the code below on a Simulator on iOS 15 with the Sentry Cocoa SDK enabled
> leads to the mentioned crash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such a crash may be due to a [potential bug in Swift](https://github.com/apple/swift/issues/72657)
that's triggered when trying to get a class definition that references a RoomPlan or
ActivityKit class on an older iOS version that doesn't support RoomPlan or ActivityKit.
For example, running the code below on iOS 15 with the Sentry Cocoa SDK enabled
leads to the mentioned crash:
```

```swift
import RoomPlan

@available(iOS 17.0, *)
class RoomPlanWrapper {
    private var finalResults: CapturedStructure?
}
```

You can fix this by excluding the above class from swizzling by using `swizzleClassNameExcludes`,
which is availabe with Sentry Cocoa SDK version `8.23.0` and above:

```swift
SentrySDK.start { options in
    options.swizzleClassNameExcludes = ["RoomPlanWrapper"]
}
```
```objc {tabTitle:Objective-C}
[SentrySDK startWithConfigureOptions:^(SentryOptions *options) {
    options.swizzleClassNameExcludes = @[@"RoomPlanWrapper"];
}];
```

> If you can't upgrade to at least Sentry Cocoa SDK version `8.23.0`, you can also disable swizzling,
> but this disables a few features, such as automatic performance monitoring and network breadcrumbs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't upgrade the Sentry Cocoa SDK version, you can also disable swizzling, as shown below.
However, this would also disable some useful features, such as automatic performance monitoring and network breadcrumbs.
```
